Bump version to 0.4.0 (#1435)
C2SM/icon4py: docs/release_procedure.md

### 1. Bump the version

> Create a new branch for bumping the version. You can find the current icon4py version in the pyporject.toml.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new branch for bumping the version. You can find the current icon4py version in the main pyproject.toml file.
```
